Mention that Python 2 is also preserved for Amazon Linux (#38)
cisagov/ansible-role-remove-python2: README.md

[![Language grade: Python](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/cisagov/ansible-role-remove-python2.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/ansible-role-remove-python2/context:python)

> An Ansible role for removing all Python2 packages on all distributions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Ansible role for removing all Python 2 packages on all distributions
```

> other than Debian 9 (stretch) and Amazon Linux.  Python2 is preserved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other than Debian 9 (stretch) and Amazon Linux.  Python 2 is preserved
```
